Topic modelling using RAPIDS and BERT (#41)
rapidsai/rapids-examples: cuBERT_topic_modelling/README.md

# cuBERT-topic-modelling

Leveraging BERT, TF-IDF and NVIDIA RAPIDS to create easily interpretable topics.

## Overview

Currently, [BERTopic](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic) library in general utilizes GPUs as part of the SenteneTransformer package, which is only used during the encoding process. We can accelerate other bits of the pipeline such as dimension reduction (UMAP), Topic Creation (Count/TF-IDF Vectorization), Clustering (HDBSAN) and Topic Reduction using the RAPIDS ecosystem that has a similar API as Pandas, sckit-learn but leverages GPUs for the end-to-end pipeline.

![Overview of pipeline design](cuBERTopic.jpg)

## Installation

`cuBERTopic` runs on `cudf` and `cuml` which can be installed using instructions[here](https://rapids.ai/start.html) and `cupy` which can be installed using instructions [here](https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/install.html)

After installing the dependencies, clone the repository and you can now use `cuBERTopic`!

## Quick Start

An [example](berttopic_example.ipynb) notebook is provided, which goes through the installation, as well as comparing response using [BERTopic](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic).

## Acknowledgement

> Our work has been inspired from the [BERTopic library](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic) and Maarten Grootendorst's [blog](https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-with-bert-779f7db187e6) on how to use BERT to create your own topic model.

Reviewer: Change this to:

```suggestion
Our work ports CPU implementation of   the [BERTopic library](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic) to  a GPU implementation using python backend using Rapids . 

Please refer to  Maarten Grootendorst's [blog](https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-with-bert-779f7db187e6) on how to use BERT to create your own topic model.
```

# cuBERT-topic-modelling

Leveraging BERT, TF-IDF and NVIDIA RAPIDS to create easily interpretable topics.

## Overview

Currently, [BERTopic](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic) library in general utilizes GPUs as part of the SenteneTransformer package, which is only used during the encoding process. We can accelerate other bits of the pipeline such as dimension reduction (UMAP), Topic Creation (Count/TF-IDF Vectorization), Clustering (HDBSAN) and Topic Reduction using the RAPIDS ecosystem that has a similar API as Pandas, sckit-learn but leverages GPUs for the end-to-end pipeline.

![Overview of pipeline design](cuBERTopic.jpg)

## Installation

`cuBERTopic` runs on `cudf` and `cuml` which can be installed using instructions[here](https://rapids.ai/start.html) and `cupy` which can be installed using instructions [here](https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/install.html)

> 

Reviewer: Add conda install instructions , like 
```python
conda create ....
conda activate ...
```

# cuBERT-topic-modelling

Leveraging BERT, TF-IDF and NVIDIA RAPIDS to create easily interpretable topics.

## Overview

Currently, [BERTopic](https://github.com/MaartenGr/BERTopic) library in general utilizes GPUs as part of the SenteneTransformer package, which is only used during the encoding process. We can accelerate other bits of the pipeline such as dimension reduction (UMAP), Topic Creation (Count/TF-IDF Vectorization), Clustering (HDBSAN) and Topic Reduction using the RAPIDS ecosystem that has a similar API as Pandas, sckit-learn but leverages GPUs for the end-to-end pipeline.

![Overview of pipeline design](cuBERTopic.jpg)

### Code organization

```
cuBERT_topic_modelling
│   README.md
│   berttopic_example.ipynb
|   ctfidf.py

> |   cuBERTopic.jpg

Reviewer: Put the image under something like `images/`

|   cuBERTopic.py
|   embedding_extraction.py
|   mmr.py
|   setup.py
|   voc_hash.txt

> |   vocab.txt

Reviewer: Put `vocab.txt` and `voc_hash.txt` in a different folder under vocab

│
└───tests
│   │   test_ctfidf.py
│   │   test_data_preprocess.py
│   │   test_embeddings_extraction.py
|   |   test_fit_transform.py
|   |   test_hdbscan_clustering.py
|   |   test_subwordtokenizer.py
|   |   test_umap_dr.py
│   
└───utils
|    │   sparse_matrix_utils.py
│   
└───vectorizer
    │   vectorizer.py
```

## Installation

`cuBERTopic` runs on `cudf` and `cuml` which can be installed using instructions[here](https://rapids.ai/start.html) and `cupy` which can be installed using instructions [here](https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/install.html). These packages run on NVIDIA GPU and CUDA and to determine the version you should install, you can check the CUDA version in your system (eg. do `nvidia-smi`). Here we assume the user has `conda` (or `mamba`) installed.

For example, if you have CUDA 11.2 and Ubuntu 20.04, then run:

```bash
conda create -n rapids-21.12 -c rapidsai-nightly -c nvidia -c conda-forge \
    rapids=21.12 python=3.8 cudatoolkit=11.2
conda activate rapids-21.12

> pip install cupy-cuda112

Reviewer: Remove this line
